Green's my YouTube and Facebook friends
first of all let me let you know this
video is being done in love I love you
enough today the truth of what God's
Word says talking about the big Caitlyn
and Bruce Jenner thing here's a little
411 for everyone we're born man and
woman God created us as man and woman
there is no other way for man for people
to be on earth according the Bible which
is what I follow a hundred percent which
is what I believe we're born with
chromosomes of either a male or a female
there's no change in those chromosomes
you can have a billion surgeries you can
convince yourself anything you want to
commit yourself you're either a man or
woman from the time you conceived until
the time you die this Bruce Jenner thing
is just another example his name is
Bruce he can call himself Caitlyn where
other name wants to call himself he was
born Bruce Jenner a man he will die
Bruce Jenner a man i love all
transsexuals I really do I want to see
them go to heaven I want you to find
Jesus Christ as our Lord and Savior but
the bottom line is this we have to live
according to God's rules if you want to
go to heaven forever it's just a way
that it is we all have choices to make
in life if you choose to do whatever you
want to do it is against the Bible
that's up to you God gives us free will
he doesn't make us robots to do whatever
he wants us to do gives us a choice so
we have an option are we going to live
with a bubble says or not live with a
Bible says but see the thing is the the
whole trans sexual revolution the whole
gay lesbian bisexual or transgender
revolution they are a tiny tiny portion
of society less than four percent yet
they control the more than ninety six
percent of others who are not that way
and the media has got it to where people
are just jumping on the bandwagon and I
do what they want to do in the bundle
say it would be this way in the last
days before Jesus was going to return
here they will be upside down
topsy-turvy would be changed the way
that God made it people wouldn't believe
in God's ways anymore this former great
nation of America now Obama land doesn't
believe in God's ways anymore I'm
telling you the
station is a great Whore of Babylon and
it's time is coming in to pray for Bruce
Jenner and for everyone else who thinks
there are different sex pray for them if
they find Jesus Christ as our Lord and
Savior loved them but don't jump on the
bandwagon don't pretend it's all okay
don't play the emperor's new clothes and
I think you can't see what's going on
it's time for Christians to speak in
love and all let people know what the
truth is and that's it we have to do
that because that's what are calling
from God so make sure you're doing
what's right make sure you're seeing
what's right make sure that you love but
make sure that you love the way the
Bible says to love share this video you
possibly can if you've never been saved
by Jesus Christ precious blood I got a
prayer in the Box put a video title pray
that prayer because those six next steps
as soon as possible or if you're
backslider do the same thing because no
one's there Keating more time their life
if you're a backslider if you fail
repent of your sins after saved with the
bubbles's at least 30 50 times you have
to even make sure you repent of that
backslidden state if you want that
scripture message me for coffee and i
will let me to pray for you for anything
contact me I will and true Christians
look up our different girls night we fly
soon keep sharing the truth that they
won't listen it's in them and God have a
blessed day and take care of yourselves
bye